# Cover-Letter

Dear Sir/Madam,
I am pursuing my second Master’s degree in Management Analytics and am interested in working with your prestigious institute. I went through the job requirements, and I believe I am an ideal candidate. I have worked with Amazon in the past with their customer experience team and have the required cloud experience to support work in your organization. I also have been building predictive models using Python please do refer to my git profile for further evaluation. I also did sentiment analysis of customer VOCs using NLP techniques of Amazon app reviews and came up with shortcomings that were momentous in driving business decisions and improving services. 

I also have been working towards AWS solution architect associate exam the coming month. I have good decision-making skills having to lead a team of more than 10 people as a senior business analyst at Bhopal Glues and Chemicals .
I also have more than 3+ years of experience working in data and analytics and practicing sustainability at work. Having used AWS, Python, Excel, R, and SQL, I believe that I have the required analytical skill set that can help me with this job. 
Unfettering myself of the conventional ideologies and exploring new possibilities; I believe is the only path to success, which is consequently facilitating me to deliver truly unique results. Being a student, who has been among the top 5% of her class throughout her academic life, has made me believe that no goal is unachievable lest worked assiduously upon. Not only was I one of those students whom pedagogues perceived as an exemplar of moral conduct and conscientiousness, but I also have been a sedulous employee at Bosch, which made my supervisor nominate me for the Quantum Futur Award for exceptional Master Thesis work.  On the non-academic front, sports, literature, and community service have always rung a bell through my mind and heart. An active participant in various cultural competitions, I have won plenitude of plaudits in various oratory and quiz competitions, this also guided me to co-found Insync-the college’s cultural society and write articles for WAYS-college magazine. Another feather in my cap is being the founding member of IMBUE Consultancy, a community service organization that conducted seminars focused on career counseling of school and college students. Besides this, my sportive inclinations have led me to represent my college in the Volleyball tournaments. In my leisure time, I indulge in painting the canvas with acrylic and have tried to emulate the work ‘The Starry Night-by Vincent Van Gogh’ and many more such proclaimed works of art. I also co-founded the Entrepreneurship cell in my college in association with IIT-Bombay E-cell, which has now burgeoned into Ecell-RGPV, hosting numerous mentoring as well as internship programs. My non-academic interests have paved the way for fostering increased focus and consistency in academics
I am very keen towards working with you as it will offer me ample opportunities of growth. Looking forward to a positive response.
Yours Sincerely,
Sana Khan
